								PROGRAM RESTRICTIONS
		
	1) The number of areas for the simulation. Must be at least 1.	
		
	2) The width for the i area. Must be lower or equal than 50 and above 0.
	
	3) The height for the i area. Must be lower or equal than 40 and above 0.	
	
	4) For better display purposes height must be smaller or equal to width.	
		
	5) The amount of borders for the i area. Must not exceed max grid borders.
	
	6) The X and Y coordinate for the i border of i area must be within circumference of the grid
		
	7) The area that you want the i border to teleport the human to. Must be an area different from the current one.
	
	8) The duration of the simulation must be a positive number.
		
	9) The number of humans of the simulation. Must not exceed the amount of cells on all grids combined and must be a positive number.
	   Humans cannot move on occupied nearby boxes. ( Cells ). Each cell only fits 1 human at a time.
	
	10) The starting number of infected humans for the simulation. Must be a positive number less or equal of the total amount of humans.
	
	11) The percentage of a human moving. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
	
	12) The percentage of a human having mask. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
		Masked Men have a lower percentage to catch the virus
	
	13) The percentage of a human infecting another human. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
		
	14) The percentage of a human infecting the ground. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
	
	15) The percentage of the ground infecting the human. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
		The environment (ground) has a lower chance of infecting the person than a person another person.
	
	16) The percentage of the humans to be immune to the virus. Must be a positive number and less or equal than 100.
		Immune people cannot spread or get the virus.
	
	17) After how many moves the ground should clear of any infections. Must be a positive number.
	
	18)	All moves are coordinated by a single clock - timer.
	
	
	
	
	